Use Google's advanced operators ( http://www.googleguide.com/advanced_operators_reference.html )
to find the following things:

"Easy" (your mileage may vary)

1. Find any draft (a document that is labeled "draft") in .pdf format from "mit.edu"

2. Get search results for the definition of the word "bark" that does NOT include anything related
to dogs.

3. Find what Red Bull has to say about Pokemon Go in Australia

"Medium" (your mileage may vary)

4. Find any BU server (from "bu.edu") that runs "Apache/2.2.15".

5. What are the first three bands listed in the mp3 folder at "freestuffcrazy.com"?

6. Find an entire page of search results about surfing that are NOT about surfing the Internet.

7. Eric Gates has a bu.edu email address, and sent email on BU's server.  Who did he send an email
to on Aug 29, 2009?

8. Find an article about Facebook written by Google.

8.5 Find an article whose title contains "... What Is It" about Facebook (features Facebook links) on one a Google proxy


"Hard" (your mileage may vary)

These ones require you to use your "Terminal" in your Ubuntu VMs.  To do a command, just type it in the terminal.
For example, try typing 'echo "blahblahblah"' or 'ifconfig' or 'ls' and see what happens.

For these, you'll have to use Google to find commands you can enter into Terminal that get you the answers.

If you get stuck on these, go do one of the "Freeform" questions below and then come back.

9. What is the IP address of "www.bu.edu"?

10. What are the approximate latitude/longitude coordinates of "www.bu.edu"?

11. What version of Apache is "www.bu.edu" running?  (Find this in a different way than you did for question 4.)

12. Who is the administrative contact for "www.bu.edu"?  What is their contact information?

13. When was the domain name "www.bu.edu" activated?

"Freeform"

14. Write a google query that returns as many results as possible.

15. What is the maximum number of words that Google will consider in a search query?

16. What is the longest query (number of characters) that Google will accept without shortening it?

17. Find a site on www.google.com whose keywords have not been indexed by Google's search engine.

18. Find a site that is vulnerable to the Heartbleed attack ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heartbleed ).
How do you know it is susceptible?

19. What was the Akamai CEO doing in Fall 1995?

20. What is the maximum rate of queries that you can ask without getting a captcha request?
